we heard from the management was... and I think they... you already had discussed this with Ankit as well, I believe, that we need to prioritize AI related things in model now. Yeah. And this final feature was, you know, mainly projected to be used for the AI functionality itself -- Mhmm. -- wherein what MT was trying to do was they... like, right now, the translations which they do, right, they do it in tool. So now they are working on AI solution wherein what they are saying is they will replace that voluntary tool. Instead, they are going to just have the wireless created and feed it to maybe a Java engine, something like that, and then they will be able to create a JAR JAR file out of that. Okay. So that viable, they were actually trying to do via AI, but then we suggested that why not utilize model of capabilities. And whatever they for... the format is they require Right? So we'll be able to generate for via model eleven, then they can just feed it to the Java engine, which can then generate the Java file for them. Yeah. So that is how, you know, we were trying to integrate that functionality with model level. Okay. Okay. So now that push is coming that... because in our road map as well, we said that by August end or mid September, this feature will be deployed and will be available for MT to use. So that push has come in that, you know, where... what is the status whether we have in a main progress on that. So I wanted to, you know, utilize this call just to kick start that feature. And I believe what I heard was that there were some doubts as well on that feature. So I just wanted to, you know, have this call clarify that this is a priority. And whatever doubts we have on the functionality related, maybe you can talk about those doubt doubts. If there is an input required with MT, so we can also have a call with MT, and then we can start working on this feature.

that there are certain scenarios where I see we can use AI already. But it will also depend on the business's appetite. Right? Because we can come up with AI solution, but then there should be acceptance of those solutions in terms of... because we are Mastercard, because we are in finance domain. There are risks associated with AI. So there are some safe cases that I've also noted down, and I will present to... like, I'll talk to you and अंकित about it soon. Ok ok, sure. Yeah. we we can talk about that. But then about this feature, right, where we wanted to generate the viable. Yeah. So maybe I thought I'll just give you also the brief on what I explained to the team. So if there are any questions we can, you know, discuss, and then we can obviously we'll have a call with MT also also -- Yeah. -- so that we can clarify things. Mhmm. I mean, so sorry, just a point over here. Um, can we have this discussion the grooming basically of this feature and the stories that line... that'll end up with the whole team if that is okay? And if we already had... yeah. We already had that. Right. But that was a very high level rate. Um, we can come up with the questions, but then team should also understand, right, what they would be working on and if they might have any questions. This has not been discussed with the team.I'm trying to do is, like, v three other line, then we can... whatever questions we have, right, we should be able to take that to empty, and then we can do a more detailed elaboration with the team on how this helps to be built. Yeah. Got it. Got it. Yeah. So so, basically, uh, what MT will require from us is, uh, they do three type of... like, they have three type of, uh, YML files. One is the ISO field definition YML. Okay? Second is the mapping rule. So mapping rule has two YMLs. One is ISO to NCM and NCM to ISO. And then the third is validation tools. So I'll just, you know, explain about those three files. So this is the first file, you know, which they learned. And this file basically means that we define the field definitions of each of the data element. So, for example, ISO eight five eight three fields. Right? Mhmm. It has all the data elements, which we now have in our data additionally as well. So what they are doing is they are maintaining a list of all the data elements -- Mhmm. -- wherein they say that, you know, the length could be either fixed. It could be double l where? Triple l where? Or four l where? So, basically, this is the TLU encoding and then the fixed length. Similarly, the data type could be alphanumeric special. Right? New break or it could be binary. Okay. And then the subformat can again be non DLV or ID length value. Okay. And then what they are doing is they are defining the field. So, for example, this is d two. They have given a name. Okay? So their name they have given is Pan. Now this Pan, whenever we give the name, this becomes a linkage between the other files also. So whenever we need to call the data element, you just can call it with name. Then we have length type LLWEH, maximum length, and then data type. Mhmm. Right? Similarly, the other variation could be that you have the length as fixed, then you can have l l web, triple l web. Take whatever is mentioned here. Right? All those variations will come. Okay. And this is how they have defined all the data elements in this file. Right. Okay. So this file, I feel that, you know, we should be easily able to generate via model because we have all these information already handy in data decided. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know about the Aman. I don't know about easy because looking at the current setup of the code, I do not... I will not comment of on whether it is easy, but it can be done. Yes. Yep. I meant that we have the information available, but we just need to figure out that, you know, how can we tweak it in such a way that we are able to, you know, map it to this field here. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. Also, ma'am, one more thing. We say that information is already present. I can understand that the length types is, like, fixed LL bar, three l bar, and whatever it is. So we aren't actually not storing any of these as, like, fixed LL bar. We need some logic over there, like, how do I... model have identifies if the length type is fixed or double LR or triple LR. Currently, we do not have data types associated with the elements, We do have data type. Like, it's basically... it's the different format. It's, like, n triple dots eight or n hyphen two. It's, like, in that manner. Okay. So we don't have a direct data as what we're expecting in this YAML file. Amman, is there a correlation between these two data types? Yeah. So, basically, what happens is, like, d three. Right? So d three, they have given us fixed. Now when we look at our specifications, it will be, like, n hyphen six. Okay. So that hyphen represents that this is a fixed length. Okay. Otherwise, if we could have been a variable, then it will be triple dots. So that is something which we can, you know, map based on the right representations. We can divide it there, type that. Yeah. We'll need that mapping. We'll need that mapping. Yes. That is what my -- Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. -- question was. So maybe it's... I just quoted the the lab type as an example, but then even for the maximum length of the data type that we can see over here, everything will need a mapping for that. Yeah. Yeah. So that particular understands. carry. That that will be required, and that we'll have to do. So that is totally understandable, and that is where that effort will also come in. Right? Yeah. That you will have to define all all these things. Now so just to give an example, right, right now, this is in hyphen six. And then this represents fixed sixth and ANS. So ANS basically could be, like, this could be the data type. Then the maximum length is six. So six we have here, and then hyphen basically represents fixed. Okay. So this is the hyphen. Right? So that is how we'll have to derive it. But that is something which we will have to do it. Okay. When we say we can have to do it, do you mean the development team will have to do it? Yes. So I will need your confirmation still. Yeah. I am happy to provide that information, but that effort will still be required is what I'm saying. Got it. Got it. k. Calling. Asheesum. ठीक है. Okay. Well, today's the next one. But before we do that, we'll come up with specific rules and clear rules. Key mapping is because अभी जो confusion है ना कि हमने यह document बड़ा document में यह लिखा था and हमने ऐसा कर दिया. We don't want that. So we'll come up with specific rules. This matches exactly to this. Yes. Yes. Yes.

No analysis yet. Just silent absorber

another we can say as an outbound file. Mapping will have two files files. Because empty enters two type of classes. Right? One is the ISO two and same. Yeah. Okay. So what we need to do here is, like, you will have you will have the mapping. Right? So mapping name would be that what we are trying to convert to which format. Mhmm. So here we are trying to convert NCM, which is FYRP -- Mhmm. -- to SMS to ten. Mhmm. Okay. So this is the name. Source MTI is two ten. Mhmm. And then the target is financial initiation response. So this, if you remember, we... like, in the mapping page, we already have this information. The name we'll have to put, but then the source MTI we have is twelve hundred financial request. And then the target is that Nexus canonical name, which we have. Okay. Okay. Then rule wise, what they are saying is the target is d two. So in this file, what they're trying to do is they're trying to convert Nexus canonical to ISO. Okay. So the target becomes the data element two, and the source becomes environment card pen, which is a Nexus canonical part.... confused. I mean, can you... and go through this once more. I'm not sure. Okay. Yeah. So one second if I can pull in... just give me one sec. Okay. So when we talk about this wireframe, right, which we had, uh, here in this wireframe, we had this source message and target message. So the source message was twelve hundred -- Mhmm. -- right, as per our COD. Right. And then the target message was the next astronomical layout name of that scene. Correct. Correct? Now when we talk about this message, where we are trying to convert nextest canonical to... or maybe I'll just start with the first lightweight.

opportunity to, you know, walk through the feature again with Neely. Because she's the first engineering, but team, we already had... So what is what is what is MBA by email? You are saying MBA use this as a input to their work and do the processing next. So then need this file from us. So from our model level output, whatever we input as a modeler, they need this to be output so that they can use. And what what this file contains? This file contains your mappings of ISO to NCM evaluation or what? Yes. Yes. So it does contain the mapping from... so there are three files. One is the ISO layout file. Second is the mapping file, and third is the validation file. based on the three functionalities which MT handles in voluntary. Right? So we discussed about one of the file which was which was ISO format file wherein all the data element information was available. Now I was showcasing the mapping file wherein MTs translating, let's suppose, ISO format two or Nexus canonical format. So here, they have the rules in place wherein what they'll do is they will write the target as header message function and the source as MTI. Just to give a better example. So, like, the deal. Right? And for me for me, you're going to do technical my point is, you're saying today, MD need three files. How many files they are giving from one or two or three? AOLK ball three. So that is the scope. Ball three. And then all three will come from what? The data we modeled or something else? Yeah. The data we modeled, and then we also need to do some enhancement so that we can generate, you know, these files. So there would be some technical enhancements also needed wherein we'll have to have some logics in place and model up. Hello? Okay. So... yeah. Yeah. Okay. Like like, give me one one simple example. When you see announcement to give files, what what what what does that mean? Because I have mappings and I have data inside my model. What sort of announcement they need? Okay. So, like, at this file. Right? So right now, what we have in model lab is we just maintain data representation as n hyphen six. But here, when we represent d three, so we'll have to mention it as data type as the ANS, maximum length as six, and then the length as fixed. So instead of hyphen six, we'll have to give it in this format. So modeler needs to do that coding wherein it needs to interpret that hyphen is fixed. while dot dot dot is based. So so while people on the UI read it differently, the code at the back end read differently so that the next system use it differently? Correct. Okay. Got it. So this is one of the file I also fills file. And then the second file which I got from them was related to mapping. So this is mapping from ISO tool, service canonical. Now what this file means is they have, like, d two, which is pen, and then they specify the target path. So the target path here is the NCM path. Okay. And then the source is d two. So this is similar to what we developed in mapping page near. Right? Wherein we said that d two has an inbound path of this transaction card. primary account number. So we will have to pick this d two, and then the d two will basically become our source. Okay. And then the target will become our engine part. Okay. I'm on a small question over here. Um, in model hub, what we have defined is, like, it's in mount mapping and outbound mapping. And every time, uh, it cannot be, like, the inbound mapping would be from NCL, the ISO to NCM. It could be the other way around also. It could be from NCM to ISO as well, the inbound mapping. Is my understanding correct? Hello. Okay. So inbound means every time it's, like, coming from the ISO, and it is getting converted to NCM. Correct. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got it. because NCM is our internal proprietary format. Anything coming to it would be internal. Anything going out from it would be external. Correct? Yes. Okay. Thanks. Okay. So we have service service terminal path or next station renewal path? So this is searching canonical part. But then when we code for, let's suppose, RTC or ME, then this will become our nextest canonical part. Okay. So you said service canonical. So so that's why I asked. Okay. Okay. No. Sorry. So this is searching canonical. Okay. And then, like, the complex logic which we'll have to build here is, like, d three. So currently, d three has three subfields. Right? So d three basically has a subfield one, two, three. Now subfield one, part would be this transaction type. But when we look at that string inside d three, so it is something like this is n six d three. And then all the three surfaces are n two. So two two bytes each. And that that is fixed. Now how how empty represents that is they will have the target path. So let's suppose the... this is d three dot one. So the target would be the three dot one path. But when they, you know, want to extract the data, so right now d three is coming as a whole. they are not segregating here as three dot one, three dot two, three dot three. What they are doing is they are taking the three surface based on the position of the data. So the first two bytes of the data is three dot one. The second two bytes are three dot two, and then the third two bytes are three dot three. So that is how they have built a logic and transform that the substring zero two two dot lookup will basically mean three dot one. This will mean three dot two, and this will mean three dot three. this is a bit technical, so we'll have to have an understanding with MT as well that how they are building this environments. And then, accordingly, we'll have to enhance in model. Okay. Yeah. We'll need a different... Also, one more question.... we do this. Okay.

the sub elements over here. It will always be the case that it is a transform, and it will always be a case that it will be a substring, and we have to do a lookup on that. It depends on which field we are talking. So right now, this one looks like, you know, we have left to pick three substrings three substrings inside a string. Right? So that is the reason they might use transform. But we might have some other cases also. Okay. The reason I must always be left because... check with them. Yes. Right. The reason I'm asking this question is because model hub doesn't know what it needs to put. It can put lookup, it can put substring, but it needs something as an input so that it could identify. This needs to be done yet. This needs to be appended over here. So then what could be the identifier? Either we code it in our model of that if this is the data element, then this is the identifier. Because we are not going to get this identifier from anywhere. That that is an internal intelligence we'll have to build in model of. That... this field basically points to this sort of logic. Okay. I think so today, how they're doing? You... they're doing the warranty? colon. So what what they are doing is that and when they don't have a voluntary, how they're going to do it? They are using GitHub for pilot and doing all these things or how they're doing this today? Yeah. Yeah.... model are not there than how? GitHub for pilot. Mhmm. For pilot. I don't know. You... I I... and you... I don't understand more technical, but you need to put along with Amity Vedi and two other people to understand that. She she can understand and decide. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. We are going to handle that point. Point here is... yeah. Please do that. And point here is... so how then model of integrated with their data copilot? You you give some output files, and they use that input file. Yeah. But then it becomes a two separate app. We can -- So when I -- We can conjoined this using an agent if you want to go the AI route, अंकित. Right? We can simply create an agent. We -- Because see. Yeah. Yeah. I tell you experience. When I went to US, earlier this year. I booked a Uber, and it automatically debited for my car. There's no other option. The driver cannot ask me more cash or anything else because it it it is one app experience for me. Same I did in India yesterday coming from office. Driver asked me more money because I'm going out of that. Yeah. The... there's the option to go out of the app and collect require cash. Yeah. I I don't want disjointed experiences. This this integration is successful in a way when we remain in one app and do things through one app. Right. So I'm on partner point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So... yeah. That was long term long term solution, but that should be some solution which I can think of and really to solve it from there. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay.

And then, technically, maybe, permanent नेहa can can ask the right questions. So this is just a brief call that we understand. I can add my leadership point here with what if we... I don't know how much... how tough is that, how much time it needs. If you say, yeah, this is very tough, very technical time taking, we find some other way out. But with this story, we will be able to successfully sell model up to lot money in our leadership. Because this... they... what they are doing, I told to the other day in my one twenty discussion, they are solving thirty percent efficiency using GitHub Copilot. of the empty level. And if we solve this model hub, conjunct it with GitHub compiler, this can really fly. Okay? So both made in India tool, lot of things, and then we can take it forward from there. Okay? Yes. So... okay. That work in the direction and see where we go and how how we achieve that success if if things work well, we will be able to achieve this year. Thanks, अंकित. Yeah. We'll we'll look into this. I'll have a separate word with you also regarding some other AI options that I have in mind after our discussion. We'll talk. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So head this is sound. My head of India HR is asking me what did their model have from AI point of view, uh, where you can publish it. Yes. So... and he had responded to her because she... then we need... and in that a couple of hours. Yeah. Yeah. So if you... if she thinking something, we'll we'll see how we can have our store integration. And same... we shall also need at network level. Maybe same copy also needed at both the levels. So if we... again, the same point. If we able to create something, we can get it via VP's quarterly calendar, which I'll call in quarterly calendar. In fact, we can go and prevent it your numbered, um, and admin plugging, uh, level as well. Okay. Uh, if we, uh, in the cofounders forum or something other forums, uh, showcasing, uh, our success there. So if if we able to solve, I can get all the right platform for both product engineering. Okay. Okay. It's sky at the limit for me. I I can continue if it's to one level down the CEO showcasing things if we if we solve this. Okay. Sure. Okay.

limit and then target becomes path. Yeah. they do have some methods. We'll discuss all those technicalities with MT that what all methods are possible. Yeah. And then how do they interpret that which method to put. Right? So that is something we'll discuss there. The next file is searching canonical tool ISO. Right? So that is just the reverse of what we have. So in this case, we'll have, like, target as d four, and then the source becomes an excess canonical path. Now, again, based on some of the logics which we have, like, d four basically is an an amount filled. So that is the reason they are left pending it so that we don't end up adding zeros, you know, post numbers. So it should always be prefixed with zeros so that the amount remains consistent. Okay. So this is how the secondary, you know, mapping file is. Okay. I'm going to share all these files, so maybe you can also go through. And, you know, if ever... if you have any questions, then we can ask MD. These MD... these files are provided by MD, then... and they are consuming. Right? I mean, they might have some documentation on confluence where they have listed down how they interpret these, how these files connect to each other, or if there are any specific... because, of course, these files are created by rules. Right? This property represents exactly this thing. This mapping is tracked too so that substring thing that we were looking at, the string message in one of the files. Right? How to read that specifically when we were speaking of zero to two bytes, the zero to four bytes, these four to six bytes, this. Right? So if they have that document, that would be helpful. If not, we'll have a call with them and have them explain to us how they are processed. Yeah. So I think

those logics and YML files. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. So that is something which we can try to get. Now -- Yeah. -- as a POC right now, what they are doing is they are starting with switching canonical. So that is the reason I got hold of these files because -- Yeah. -- this is something which they are working, and this is the latest one. Right. Now based on this file, we'll have to take a reference and create for RTC and MA use case, which we are trying to solve. Okay. And then we'll scale to other message formats also. Right? So let's understand this format, and then we'll just have an call with MTN have an understanding and how, you know, they've coded in Volanty and how they are generating. Yeah. Yeah. Right? So the third file is validation file. So a validation is, like, switching canonical to CIS. Right? Now validation generally happens in the outbound leg. That is the reason, you know, we have this file. What they do is they have different type of validations. So they have a date, time, format validation. They have a length exceed validation, invalid numeric data, and all these kind of validations. Now how they are doing is... so they are taking a reference of the field number, and then they are having a date format associated to that nexus canonical part. Right? So the nexus canonical part, let's suppose it's environment card expiry date. Now the date format was there expecting is this one. I believe this is a different format. I'm not sure what what exactly is the format, but this is how they have written. The error code, basically, like, if the format is not matching this date format, they are writing as switching canonical zero zero one. So this matches this date format, which is invalid date format. And then if this rule fails, what they are generating is that message. That is invalid date format for this path. So this is how, you know, all the path they have taken and then whatever validations are applicable for those paths, I think they are putting in the rule file. So, Ahmed, just one question over here. The limits that we see over here, these these are, like, per messages, or it's the whole data dictionary for a card format? This is per messages, I believe. So, like, this is per message format you can say. So, like, searching canonical could have, like, MDI wise, it could have, let's say, two hundred, two ten, two twenty, two thirty. Right? So whatever canonicals are there in searching canonical, they are putting a simple validation file based on those canonical part. But, again, that is something we can confirm whether it's -- Correct. -- MTI wise or it's the whole searching canonical they are referring here. Right. Right. Also, we need to confirm the error codes that I could see as I could see on this file it's from... starting from one to eight, but there could be many more. Um, and, also, we'll need changes in the model up for this. I don't think we... in model up, we have any of this validations that we could see on this file. Yes. Yes. That is something that you'll have to build from scratch. This condition, we do not have it as of now. Right. Okay. Okay. So, I mean, these are all the things which MT is doing, and that is where I've written that story, you know, which talks about this final functionality that we need to generate these three type of files from model up. Now the next thing which we'll do is I'll just share this file with both of you so you can analyze, and then we'll just have a call with MT. So whatever technical questions you have, we can ask there. And whatever data we need, right, that how they are generating from volonty, what is the rep points, how we can do it, whether there... there's an AI model which they have created, which can help us, you know, with this validations or suggestions. Right? So all those questions, let's ask them. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
